U.S. Navy strike group to move toward Korean peninsula: U.S. official
Isis kills dozens of civilians caught attempting to flee Mosul and hangs bodies up on electricity poles
Rome Metro workers accidentally discovered an ancient aqueduct
European Parliament calls for strict rules for palm oil entering the EU market to tackle deforestation and unsustainable palm oil production
Uruguay legalises sale of recreational cannabis
U.S. military is investigating whether Russia bombed a hospital in Syria in order to destroy evidence of this week’s chemical attack attributed to Assad’s forces
Norway's sovereign wealth fund, the world's largest, called for a cap on executive pay and fiscal transparency at the companies in which it invests, further buffing its reputation as an ethical investor.
Stockholm attack driver 'deliberately targeted young children' as he drove hijacked lorry into crowd, witnesses claimed
Norway: Suspect held as 'bomb-like device' found in Oslo
A Russian Drone May Have Turned Off Its Camera Right Before A Syrian Hospital Was Bombed: US military officials tell BuzzFeed News it may have been a Russian plane that struck the hospital treating victims of Tuesday’s chemical attack, after watching the building closely via drone.
A spy who has been part of ISIS for 3 years and became a commander has been rescued by the international coalition in Syria. 4 ISIS commanders also killed.
Influential Shiite cleric Moqtada Sadr on Saturday called on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down, also calling on Washington and Moscow to stop intervening in the conflict.
Uber is now totally banned in all of Italy
Bombing reported near church in Egyptian city of Tanta
Donald Trump’s Syria air strikes will not reduce Assad’s military capability, experts say
At Least 15 Killed in Suspected U.S.-led Airstrike Near Raqqa, Syrian Observatory Says. Children Among The Casualties
Jared Kushner hid dozens of meetings with Russians from his application for top-secret security clearance: His lawyer argues Kushner simply forgot
Turkey says US strikes 'cosmetic' if Assad stays in power
14,000-year-old village unearthed on B.C. island by UVic student. Oldest Settlement in North America.
Donald Trump wants removal of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad
Israel treats thousands of war-wounded Syrians
Norway to spend $315M on world's first ship tunnel
Protesters hurling rocks clashed with police firing tear gas Saturday in Venezuela's fourth demonstration in a week against President Nicolas Maduro and his government.
Syria strikes: Site of chemical attack hit again
North Korea said on Saturday U.S. missile strikes against a Syrian airfield were "an unforgivable act of aggression" that showed its decision to develop nuclear weapons was "the right choice a million times over"
North Korea says Syria airstrikes prove its nukes justified
China to Loan Nigeria $4.5 Billion to Boost Agriculture
Air strikes killed at least 18 people including five children in a town in Syrian rebel-controlled Idlib province on Saturday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and the civil defense rescue service reported. The death toll from the air strikes in Urum al-Joz was expected to rise
Trump's U.N. envoy says ouster of al-Assad is a priority of U.S.: "We don’t see a peaceful Syria with Assad in there," Haley said.
Hundreds of 'restraint injuries' at special schools
USA, Mexico and Canada set press conference, expected to announce joint 2026 World Cup bid
Basque militants ETA surrender arms to French police effectively ending an armed separatist campaign after almost half a century
An Egyptian-born Swiss Muslim cleric was expelled from France on Saturday for past remarks and behavior that posed a serious threat to public order, the French Interior Ministry said
Evidence that the sarin nerve agent was used in the chemical attack that killed more than 80 and injured hundreds of others in Syria has triggered awkward questions for the government over the part played by the UK in the Assad regime’s development of a chemical weapons
Serbs rally against Vucic for sixth day: Thousands of Serbs have rallied in Belgrade for the sixth straight day in protest against the election of premier Aleksandar Vucic as president. Protests have also been taking place in several other Serbian cities
Norway: Police detonate explosive device found by Oslo police in busy city centre street
French presidential elections: Marine Le Pen rally in Corsica descends into chaos as demonstrators storm venue
Bosses banned from forcing women to wear high heels in Canadian province - Those wearing the style of shoe face discrimination and physical injury, British Columbia's government finds
No peace in Syria until Assad is ousted, says Nikki Haley: In a departure from the administration’s previous stance, US ambassador to the UN suggests regime change is now one of its priorities
US to accuse Russia of complicity in Syrian chemical attack: report
Russia's Lavrov and U.S. Tillerson spoke by phone about situation in Syria
Stockholm terror attack: Suspect reportedly posted ISIS videos on Facebook
Oslo police destroy 'bomb-like device'
Oslo police find 'bomb-like device', say suspect in custody
Guatemala brings charges in kids' home fire that killed 41
Site of chemical attack hit again by air strikes. It isn't clear who conducted the strikes.
Church bombing north of Egypt's capital kills 21
Venezuelans return to streets, roused by ban on opposition leader Henrique Capriles
U.S. soldier killed in Afghanistan during anti-ISIS operation
An Egyptian-born Swiss Muslim cleric was expelled from France on Saturday for past remarks and behaviour that posed a serious threat to public order, the French Interior Ministry said in a statement.
Last-ditch attempt to save world's most endangered porpoise gets go-ahead
Bolivia UN Envoy on Syria Attack: 'History Teaches Us' US Lies to Justify Wars
Sweden truck attack suspect 'is 39-year-old from Uzbekistan who posted jihadist propaganda'
Violent clashes break out ahead of rally by far-right Le Pen
After Xi Leaves U.S., Chinese Media Assail Strike on Syria
Australia, New Zealand warn of possible extremist attack in Turkey
"In the face of such heinous war crimes, all civilized peoples must speak with one voice." Canada declares full support of U.S. military strikes in Syria.
Rex Tillerson on Syria: Our ‘first priority’ is to eliminate the ISIS threat
Indian police arrest alleged kingpin of U.S. tax scam
Protesting US airstrikes, Syrians chant ‘Death to Israel’
Boris Johnson cancels Russia trip just hours before take-off after US air strike on Syria
Boris Johnson to spearhead diplomatic drive to get Russian forces out of Syria: Putin will be told to pull troops from Syria and drop support for Assad in a UK-US plan being spearheaded by Boris Johnson
Venezuelans Pour into Caracas Streets in Anti-Maduro Protest
Alleged NSA hack group Shadow Brokers releases new trove of exploits
Europe Should Stick to Rules on Bank Rescues, ECB's Mersch Says
France expels Swiss grandson of Muslim Brotherhood founder
WikiLeaks just dropped the CIA’s secret how-to for infecting Windows: Latest batch of documents details how CIA infects targets’ Windows-based computers
No peace in Syria until Assad is ousted, says Nikki Haley
Russia 'increases naval presence off Syrian coast'
Stockholm attack: 'Homemade bomb' found in lorry used to kill at least four people in Sweden
China and the United States 'agree to greater cooperation' in curbing North Korea's nuclear ambitions
New Zealand Post will start delivering KFC to beat mail slump
Eyewitness says Syrian military anticipated U.S. raid and evacuated personnel and materiel.
US deploys Navy strike group to Korean peninsula
Continued bombing by Assad shows limits of single U.S. attack
Syrian jets take off from air base US missiles struck
Palestinian coexistence promoter falsely accused of terrorism
Suspect in Russia metro bombing traveled to Turkey, say co-workers
Australia's Delayed Recession Fallout Is Showing Up in Its Jobs Data
India is poised to dislodge Japan to become the world’s second-largest steelmaker as mills ramp up production to record levels to feed growing demand for infrastructure, new homes and consumer goods.
Saudi Arabia 'fully backs' US air strike on Syrian airbase
The Uruguayan jail where inmates set up shop - BBC News
Vehicle driven into people in Stockholm - BBC News
Egypt: 21 killed in explosion at Coptic Christian church
Dozens Injured in Moscow Train Crash
Israeli PM: Azerbaijan model of inter-faith, multicultural harmony
French soldier killed in 'clash with terrorists' in Mali, the 19th to be killed since Paris’ intervention four years ago
US 'prepared to do more' in Syria if chemical weapons used again
Sadr becomes first Iraqi Shi'ite leader to urge Assad to step down
Moms Exposed To Monsanto Weed Killer Means Bad Outcomes For Babies: Researchers looking at exposure to the herbicide known as glyphosate... tested and tracked 69 expectant mothers and found that the presence of glyphosate levels in their bodily fluids correlated with unfavorable birth outcomes
Turkey says Russia must stop insisting on Assad's leadership in Syria
Mumbai police arrest alleged Kingpin of US tax scam.
Mexico opens up its heroin fight to U.S., U.N. observers: For the first time in at least a decade, Mexico's army is allowing the US, UN to observe opium poppy eradication, a step toward deeper cooperation to fight heroin trafficker
Mexican Government stands in solidarity with Sea Shepherd to save nearly extinct Vaquita porpoise
Sadr becomes first Iraqi Shi'ite leader to urge Assad to step down
Venezuela opposition march over Henrique Capriles ban - BBC News
US warns Assad over using chemical weapons again
Video: Air strike targets ISIS militant who tried to take down Iraqi flag in west Mosul
European Parliament’s biggest political group calls for EU-wide ban on Islamic face veils
Israel treats thousands of war-wounded Syrians
