14,000-year-old village unearthed on B.C. island by UVic student. Oldest Settlement in North America.
Jared Kushner hid dozens of meetings with Russians from his application for top-secret security clearance: His lawyer argues Kushner simply forgot
"In the face of such heinous war crimes, all civilized peoples must speak with one voice." Canada declares full support of U.S. military strikes in Syria.
Bolivia UN Envoy on Syria Attack: 'History Teaches Us' US Lies to Justify Wars
WikiLeaks just dropped the CIA’s secret how-to for infecting Windows: Latest batch of documents details how CIA infects targets’ Windows-based computers
Vehicle driven into people in Stockholm - BBC News
Syrian jets take off from air base US missiles struck
Eyewitness says Syrian military anticipated U.S. raid and evacuated personnel and materiel.
Sweden truck attack suspect 'is 39-year-old from Uzbekistan who posted jihadist propaganda'
China and the United States 'agree to greater cooperation' in curbing North Korea's nuclear ambitions
Vegan mother forced by UK High Court to vaccinate her children - 'I am truly sorry that the mother will regard the decision as wrong, but my objective duty is clear,' says Judge Mark Rogers
Russian PM says U.S. Syria strikes '1 step away' from clashing with Russia
Mexico opens up its heroin fight to U.S., U.N. observers: For the first time in at least a decade, Mexico's army is allowing the US, UN to observe opium poppy eradication, a step toward deeper cooperation to fight heroin trafficker
Moms Exposed To Monsanto Weed Killer Means Bad Outcomes For Babies: Researchers looking at exposure to the herbicide known as glyphosate... tested and tracked 69 expectant mothers and found that the presence of glyphosate levels in their bodily fluids correlated with unfavorable birth outcomes
India is poised to dislodge Japan to become the world’s second-largest steelmaker as mills ramp up production to record levels to feed growing demand for infrastructure, new homes and consumer goods.
Italy just banned Uber in favor of taxis
US missile strikes: Russia announces plan to bolster Syrian air defences and derides Trump over 'extremely low' effectiveness of bombing
A study of more than one million 18-34 year-olds from 35 European countries reveals most young people have no confidence in their countries’ governments and religious institutions, while slightly less than half are pessimistic about their future.
Associated Press: US Military Investigating potential assistance by Russian Federation in cover-up of chemical attack by Syrian Government Forces
Xi Jinping told Donald Trump he understood the US response 'because of the death of children'
Syrian jets carry out attacks from base hours after US missile strike
South Korea to deploy drones to track North Korean troops
Russian military posts drone footage of aftermath of US strike on Syria
US military has launched more than 50 missiles aimed at Syria
Chechnya’s Proof There’s No Gay Purge: "You cannot arrest or repress people who just don’t exist in the republic."
World faces four famines as Trump administration plans to slash foreign aid budget: 'Biggest humanitarian crisis since World War II' about to engulf 20 million people, UN says, as governments only donate 10 per cent of funds needed for essential aid
Google is now fact-checking your searches to combat 'fake news'
Syrian Airbase Targeted By U.S. Missiles Still Operational
Syria was warned of US strike threat: military source
Trump's options for North Korea include placing nukes in South Korea
Kremlin says U.S. strike on Syria is "aggression against sovereign state in violation of international law"
Venezuela opposition leader Henrique Capriles has been banned from holding political office for 15 years
Octopuses Can Edit Their Own Genetic Code to Increase Intelligence
#SAunites LIVE: Protests gathering momentum across SA
Stockholm attack: 'Homemade bomb' found in lorry used to kill at least four people in Sweden
Anti-Zuma protests across South Africa - BBC News
Seven years after Australian journalist Ben McCormack tracked down Robert Hughes over child sex allegations, Ben has been charged over alleged child pornography distribution and explicit conversations.
The Arctic Ocean Is Becoming More Like the Atlantic Ocean - In the east Arctic Ocean, the shift is manifesting itself in changing the layers of the ocean. There’s a cap of cold, less salty water that covers the eastern portion of the Arctic Ocean.
European Parliament’s biggest political group calls for EU-wide ban on Islamic face veils
Google adds search results 'fact check' flag - BBC News
Cuba will open up to a U.N. human rights expert for first time in a decade
Media Blocked in Serbia as People Protest Over Win by Putin-Candidate
Sweden's U.N. ambassador calls for robust investigation into the suspected chemical weapons attack, but says the U.S. missile attack on a Syrian air base "raises questions of compatibility with international law"
The Basque separatist group Eta, which has promised to give up all its remaining arms by Saturday, has handed over the weapons to members of “civil society” in France
Twitter is suing the US government over a demand to unmask the people behind an anti-Trump account
ISIS In Iraq Hangs Civilian Bodies From Electrical Poles In Mosul Fight
New Pyramid Discovered in Egypt
The US warned the Russians ahead of Syria missile strikes: Official
Japanese scientists want to be first to drill into the Earth's mantle
Monitor: Syrian warplanes take off from airbase hit by US cruise missiles
Kremlin: Risk of US-Russia collision in Syria 'significantly increased'
Swedish authorities say truck attack suspect held
Colombia ends search for flood survivors; death toll at 314
Two suspects in custody after fatal Stockholm truck attack
UK government 'fully supports' US air strike in Syria
Syrian military knew the US raid was coming and evacuated personnel and equipment: ABC News
Main Venezuela opposition leader barred from office for 15 years
US air strikes in Syria: Russia suspends agreement that prevents direct conflict with American forces
More than 30,000 South Africans protested across the country, calling for President Jacob Zuma to stand down. Police fired rubber bullets and tear gas at Zuma supporters in the streets of Johannesburg
Russia warns of serious consequences from U.S. strike in Syria
Vogue cover model murdered for not wearing Islamic clothing
An Italian court on Friday banned the Uber app, saying it contributed to traditional taxis facing unfair competition, local media reported
Trump says ready to act alone on North Korea
Italy admits police brutality at Genoa G8 summit, pays out thousands to victims
Qatar World Cup 2022 organisers slash budget by up to 50%
EU offers Sweden support after Stockholm attack
US Investigating whether Russia bombed a Syrian hospital to cover up chemical weapons attack
Trump has scientists mad enough to march on Earth Day: 'The protesters believe Trump has no respect for the truth when it comes to well-settled science on some of the most critical questions facing the country.'
Judge drops 2 non-capital charges in 9/11 case at Guantanamo
Kremlin says strikes do significant damage to US-Russia ties: Report
Sweden arrests man for 'terrorist crime' after truck attack
Angered by U.S. anti-missile system, China takes economic revenge
Octopuses can edit their own brain genes, study finds
Italy court blocks Uber services in Italy, citing unfair competition
Rep. Devin Nunes steps aside from Russia probe
Russian warship steams toward US destroyers that launched Syria strikes | Fox News
US threatens further strikes on Syria as Russia warns of 'serious consequences'
Stockholm ‘Terrorist’ Truck Attack Suspect Arrested: Police
Russia says U.S. strikes in Syria an 'illegitimate' attempt to distract from Iraq
Scientists say they have detected an atmosphere around an Earth-like planet for the first time.
Mexico to grant residency to 588 stranded Cubans
Israel postpones primary vote due to Britney Spears concert — "We delayed the vote one day, to July 4. We couldn't hire enough security for the election because of the Britney Spears concert on July 3."
Syrian warplanes take off from air base hit by U.S., carry out strikes in Homs countryside
China and Norway signed a pact on Friday to resume free trade negotiations, marking the end of a six-year diplomatic freeze, a move China called internationally significant, against the backdrop of a rise in protectionist sentiment worldwide.
Russia Pledges to ‘Increase Effectiveness’ of Syrian Air Defenses
"Merkel, German government say US missile strikes in Syria 'understandable'. Germany has signaled support for the American military action - without explicitly backing it, calling the strikes "limited and targeted." But the opposition criticized the Trump administration's move."
Serbian Opposition rally claims election was rigged - dead people and non-existing citizens voted.
Second attack on Syrian town hit by chemical weapons reported after Trump strikes in Idlib
Sixth victim in British Parliament terror attack dies
Seoul Test-Fires Ballistic Missile Capable Of Hitting Pyongyang
Russia says US air strikes in Syria came 'within an inch' of military clash with their forces
Leading Venezuela opposition figure Henrique Capriles barred from office 15 years, preventing him from running as President in 2018
Earthquake measuring 5.9 magnitude rocks Philippines, south of Manila
Russia warns of 'negative consequences' if U.S. targets Syria
Anonymous Infiltrates Amaq News Agency of ISIS with Malware
Allies praise U.S. strike on Syria as Russia and Iran condemn it
Syria war: US warns of 'more' after missile strikes
Hundreds injured as Polish high-speed train collides with truck
Military action against Syria marks an about-face in policy for Trump
Venezuelan opposition leader Henrique Capriles on Friday was banned from holding political office for 15 years, a move that could galvanize protests against the leftist government and upend a presidential election in 2018.
