Vehicle driven into people in Stockholm - BBC News
US military has launched more than 50 missiles aimed at Syria
Vegan mother forced by UK High Court to vaccinate her children - 'I am truly sorry that the mother will regard the decision as wrong, but my objective duty is clear,' says Judge Mark Rogers
US missile strikes: Russia announces plan to bolster Syrian air defences and derides Trump over 'extremely low' effectiveness of bombing
Twitter is suing the US government over a demand to unmask the people behind an anti-Trump account
Kremlin says U.S. strike on Syria is "aggression against sovereign state in violation of international law"
#SAunites LIVE: Protests gathering momentum across SA
The US warned the Russians ahead of Syria missile strikes: Official
Man hailed by Donald Trump as an 'excellent journalist' labels Syrian chemical attack a 'false flag' operation
Anti-Zuma protests across South Africa - BBC News
Trump has scientists mad enough to march on Earth Day: 'The protesters believe Trump has no respect for the truth when it comes to well-settled science on some of the most critical questions facing the country.'
Trump says ready to act alone on North Korea
Rep. Devin Nunes steps aside from Russia probe
UK government 'fully supports' US air strike in Syria
Scientists say they have detected an atmosphere around an Earth-like planet for the first time.
Kremlin says strikes do significant damage to US-Russia ties: Report
Israel postpones primary vote due to Britney Spears concert — "We delayed the vote one day, to July 4. We couldn't hire enough security for the election because of the Britney Spears concert on July 3."
Second attack on Syrian town hit by chemical weapons reported after Trump strikes in Idlib
Vladimir Putin says US missile strike on Syria is act of "aggression" and "violation of international law"
Russia warns of 'negative consequences' if U.S. targets Syria
US air strikes in Syria: Russia suspends agreement that prevents direct conflict with American forces
Farms could slash pesticide use without losses, research reveals - Study shows almost all farms could significantly cut chemical use while producing as much food, in a major challenge to the billion-dollar pesticide industry
President Trump calls on "civilised nations" to join US in "seeking to end the slaughter and bloodshed in Syria"
Scotland could leave the UK, and join Canada instead, says author - BBC News
World's First: After Decriminalizing Weed, Israel Creates a Buzz With New Marijuana Research Center
Congressman: 'I don't think' Assad is behind Syria attack
Second attack on Syrian town hit by chemical weapons reported after Trump strikes in Idlib
Russia's cruise missile-armed frigate heading for Syria’s Tartus
France issues warning against military action in Syria
US hints at military action to retaliate against Assad
ISIS confirms death of American media maven, FBI “Most Wanted Terrorist”
US air strikes: Nigel Farage turns on Donald Trump over Syria bombings
'Jacob Zuma must step down' - Durban protesters
ISIS used US missile strike to launch new offensive near Palmyra, Homs governor tells RT
Russia's Supreme Court has upheld the decision of a Russian city to ban Jehovah's Witnesses as an extremist group.
US military warned Russia 1 hour before launching airstrikes
Strike on Syria. Reactions by world leaders.
Killing of Orcas in Front of Tourists Could Spell End of Whaling for Island Nation
Vladimir Putin says US air strikes on Syria army 'illegal' and badly damage relations with Russia
Malcolm Turnbull hints Australia may be joining US strike on Assad regime
Chechnya’s Proof There’s No Gay Purge: "You cannot arrest or repress people who just don’t exist in the republic."
Eyewitness says Syrian Military anticipated U.S. raid
Artwork Nazis stole in WWII returning to Jewish owner's heir
Philippine President Orders Military to Seize Islands in South China Sea
South Africans protest against Zuma; violence hits Johannesburg
Russia may abandon International Space Station to join forces with China
The Latest: Germany and France say Assad brought on attack
Putin Calls U.S. Syria Strike Aggression, Stops Air Cooperation
UK to unmask owners of expensive houses bought via offshores
US strike kills 9 civilians, 4 children — Syria state media
Russia has reacted angrily after the US launched a missile strike on a Syrian government air base. Russia, which backs President Bashar al-Assad, condemned the US strike and suspended a deal designed to avoid mid-air collisions over Syria.
Video of aftermath of Syria gas attack staged, Russian Foreign Ministry says
Duterte defends adultery because it’s a ‘non-issue’ in Philippines where divorce is outlawed. “This is a world of hypocrisy. Who among you here does not have a mistress?”
Trump accept's Xi's invitation to visit China: Xinhua
Oil prices leap after U.S. missile strike on Syria
C.I.A. told senior lawmakers in classified briefings last summer that it had information indicating that Russia was working to help elect Trump president, a finding that did not emerge publicly until after Trump’s victory months later, former government officials say.
Russia Suspends Agreement That Prevents Direct Conflict With American Forces
Female Tehran marathon participants forced to run on inside track, apart from the male runners.
Seoul Test-Fires Ballistic Missile Capable Of Hitting Pyongyang
Websites that show bargain prices for flights, hotels and other travel bookings, are not giving customers accurate information, say European consumer protection authorities
Mobile footage of missile strike in Syria
Putin slams 'trumped-up' US strike against Syria
Russia challenges Trump to say what he would do about Syria
ISIS swoops after Donald Trump Syria missile strike with attack 20 miles away
Russia says it is suspending deal with U.S. to prevent mid-air incidents over Syria in response to US strike
U.S. missile strikes at Syria base 'in violation of international law': Putin
19 years old killed during opposition protests in Venezuela
US says no role for Assad following gas 'attack'
Trump alerting Russia about Syria strike "may have led to Russia alerting Syria, and the scrambling of jets from Shayra;" a warehouse at Shayra was thought to contain chemical weapons "but that was avoided"
Syria claims US air strike killed seven people, including four children
Climate change is literally turning the Arctic ocean inside out. The researchers found that warm Atlantic water is increasingly pushing to the surface and melting floating sea ice.
Russia says US air strikes in Syria came 'within an inch' of military clash with their forces
Syria war: Russia condemns US missile strike on 'chemical weapons' base .
Stockholm attack has been linked to terror
Polish law change unleashes 'massacre' of trees
Russia suspends agreement that prevents direct conflict with American forces
Russian military posts drone footage of aftermath of US strike on Syria
South Africa officially downgraded to non-investment "Junk" status after 2nd ratings agency's report following axing of finance minister.
Syrian opposition rejoices over US air strike on Assad regime airbase
Anti-Zuma protesters make their voices heard around SA
Japan backs US ‘resolve’ on Syria: Shinzo Abe
Syrian army's response to missile strikes: "US missile attack violates int’l laws, makes the US a partner of terrorist organizations"
Attempt to smuggle anti-aircraft cannon into Poland foiled
‘Another Neo-Con puppet’: Trump’s former backers jump ship after Syria airstrike
Trump tipped off Australia before launching missile strike
Westminster attack: woman who fell from bridge dies of injuries
Russia Calls Syria Gas Attack A 'Monstrous Crime,' But Refuses To Trust U.S. Conclusions
Arabs praise 'Abu Ivanka' aka Trump for Syria strike
World leaders react to US missile strike in Syria
Fifth Westminster attack victim dies
Oil prices leap after U.S. missile strike on Syria
Australian regulator sues Apple alleging iPhone 'bricking': Australia's consumer watchdog is alleging [Apple] used a software update to disable iPhones which had cracked screens fixed by third parties.
Russia suspends flight safety memorandum over Syria after US missile strike – Foreign Ministry
Syrians who have lived under Assad’s bombs celebrate US missile strike
British DJ sentenced to year in Tunisian jail for Muslim call to prayer remix
Tillerson says Russia has 'failed' in Syria - "Russia has either been complicit or "simply incompetent" in failing to deliver on its end of the agreement"
Russia recognizes western Jerusalem as Israel’s capital, eastern Jerusalem for Palestinian state
Russia Launches First Central American Satnav System in Nicaragua
Syria army says six dead in US missile strike
Legally grown pot to be sold over counter in Uruguayan drug stores
