'1984' to be screened by cinemas worldwide in anti-Donald Trump protest
Retired German man solves one of world's most complex maths problem with 'simple proof': The 67 years old former statistician found the solution to the conjecture, known as the Gaussian correlation inequality (GCI).
Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel
Junior doctor whose Facebook post on NHS pressures went viral found dead at home
At least 18 people killed in suspected chemical attack on rebel-held Syrian town, activists and monitoring group say
Graphene-based sieve turns seawater into drinking water. The development could aid the millions of people without ready access to clean drinking water.
Hero dog dies tackling female suicide bomber who targeted Nigeria wedding
Unvaccinated children account for majority of pediatric flu deaths: study
The Trump administration said Monday it was cutting off U.S. funding to the United Nations agency for reproductive health, accusing the agency of supporting population control programs in China that include coercive abortion
Blast reported in St Petersburg metro - BBC News
17,000 Indian doctors to deliver baby girls free of charge to challenge sexism in society
Trump campaign advisor Carter Page targeted by Russian spies
India’s forest cover increasing, better than world average, says Union environment secretary - Times of India
Polish prosecutors say Russians 'deliberately' downed president's plane in 2010 - "Poland's prosecutor claims Russian air traffic controllers willingly contributed to the 2010 crash that killed their president."
3 tigers rescued from maggot-infested crate in Beirut airport
So many journalists are being killed in Mexico that one newspaper decides to shut down
New pyramid discovered in Egypt
Poland accuses Russians of deliberately causing jet crash: Polish prosecutors have said they will press charges against three Russian air controllers for deliberately causing the 2010 crash that killed Poland's President and 95 others. Russia has rejected the allegations
Christians in China hospitalized after resisting state surveillance
UK slavery reports 'have doubled' - BBC News
South Korean liberal wins party primary, poised to become president: ' Moon, 64, is expected to soften South Korea's policy toward North Korea, possibly delay deployment of a U.S. anti-missile defense system that has enraged China...'
Pepsi, McDonalds, Nestle, other major brands implicated in illegal destruction of critical Sumatran elephant, tiger and orangutan habitat
NHL announces it will not participate in 2018 Olympics.
Syria: suspected chemical attack kills dozens in Idlib province
Human-Caused Climate Change Made 2016 Way Too Hot
'Chemical attack' in Syria kills at least 58 people
Unvaccinated children account for majority of pediatric flu deaths: study
Baltic states think Russia is laying the groundwork for looming 'kinetic operations'
Tory MPs disown 'negative' Brexit findings by own committee.
More violence erupts as thousands protest in streets of Paris over police shooting of Chinese man.
St Petersburg metro explosion suspect 'from Central Asia'.
Malala will address the Canadian Parliament on April 12, will be given honorary citizenship
EU to cut gas dependency on Russia by creating pipeline to Israel, the longest undersea pipeline ever built
Beluga Whales Threatened by Another Pipeline Leak in Alaska's Cook Inlet
Traces of a 4000-Year-Old Pyramid Found in Egypt [pics included]
Suspected gas attack on Syria's rebel-held Idlib kills at least 58: Observatory
58 people killed in suspected gas attack in Syria town
Tesla's market value overtakes Ford, $49 billion to $46 billion. Their shares rose on Monday after the company announced record vehicle deliveries in the first three months of the year. Tesla delivered more than 25,000 cars in the first quarter, up 70% on the same quarter last year.
Nobel Laureate, Abdul Salam, cousin is gunned down due to blasphemy laws in Pakistan. The word Muslim was taken off his tomb stone by government and now says "First___Nobel prize winner"
Malaysia rights panel disturbed over more than 600 deaths in prisons and detention centers
Lithuania fears Russian propaganda is prelude to eventual invasion | World news
NHS 111 'put suicidal callers on hold until they hung up'
Tunisia nightclub closed after Muslim call to prayer dance remix
Duterte tells boy scouts as young as four that he kills people who harm kids and that they should join the military and learn how to use a gun
India Added 5,400 MW Wind Power In 2016-17, Exceeding Its 4,000 MW Target
British MEP mocked at European Parliament over 'war with Spain' controversy - Seb Dance says colleagues asked him if he had 'brought your navy along'
FBI Cannot Examine Megaupload Servers, Canada Appeal Court Rules
China sets target for 80% of citizens to speak Mandarin Chinese language by 2020 - BBC News
Iran's Aseman Airlines Signs Deal to Buy 60 Boeing Planes
Muslim teenager repeats #Blacklivesmatter 100 times on Stanford application and is accepted
S&P downgrades South Africa's credit rating to 'junk'
Boeing Says It Signed $3 Billion Deal With Iranian Airline
Syria: suspected chemical attack kills dozens in Idlib province
Low-dose aspirin can reduce risk of death from cancer, research says
Suspected gas attack on Syria's rebel-held Idlib kills at least 58
Teachers have started wearing body cams
Wind power records set in Scotland and India
Athens police manhunt for 4 burglars: 1 dead,another went unnoticed,hiding in a closet. He was found 14h later due to the stench,after he defecated on the spot
Thailand approves purchase of Chinese tanks to replace old U.S. model
Couple jailed for holding disabled woman in their home as sex slave | UK news
UK accidentally invaded Spain in 2002, reveals former First Sea Lord
Sharp rise in UK food prices inflates household shopping bill | Business
A CBC/Radio-Canada investigation has found cellphone trackers at work near Parliament Hill and embassies
St. Petersburg metro blast a 'suicide bombing'
Idlib: Dozens reportedly killed in gas attack in Syria
The prime suspect in Monday’s bomb attack on the St Petersburg metro is a Russian citizen born in the former Soviet republic of Kyrgyzstan
Estonian police teddy bears will comfort children
French presidential election: Marine Le Pen set to be crushed by Emmanuel Macron, poll reveals
UK slavery reports 'have doubled' - BBC News
Web inventor Sir Tim Berners-Lee slams UK and US net plans - BBC News
Le Pen wanted millions more from Russia: Revelations that Marine Le Pen tried to borrow a further €3 million from Russia pose questions on Kremlin interference in the French election.
Malala Yousafzai to address Canadian Parliament and receive honorary citizenship April 12 - Politics - CBC News
Australia floods: Woman and children found dead in river - BBC News
Likely suspect in St. Petersburg blast is Kyrgyz-born Russian citizen
New anti-forgery 50-euro bill going into circulation - A new 50-euro note designed to be harder to forge is being launched in the 19 countries of the eurozone. But the old ones will remain valid for the time being.
Officer Exposes Brutal Killings by Bangladeshi Elite Police Unit RAB
A rare diamond known as the Pink Star has been sold in Hong Kong for more than $71m (£57m), setting a new world record for any gemstone at auction.
Authorities name suspect from Kyrgyzstan in St. Petersburg metro bombing
U.S. Considers Far-Reaching Steps for ‘Extreme Vetting
In search for unseen dark matter, physicists turn to shadow realm
Deadly measles outbreak spreads in Europe as anti-vax parents refuse to vaccinate children.
Swiss man faces defamation trial for ‘liking’ Facebook posts
Suspected Syria gas attack kills dozens, including children
The massive crack in the Antarctic ice shelf is hanging on by a 12-mile 'thread'
Trump Donates Salary To National Parks Even As He Tries To Cut Interior Department
Israel: New law that would deduct ‘martyr’ payments from Palestinian tax revenues
Chicken run: New Zealand Post will start delivering KFC to beat mail slump
Trump offers condolences to Putin after St. Petersburg blast
Theresa May says she will be role model for oppressed women in Saudi Arabia
The slow pace of baseball makes it perfect for its blind fans in Korea
Those behind attacks on Africans in India must be punished: UN
Suspected gas attack in Syria kills over 55, mass injuries reported
Journalist requests former pro Hillary articles be deleted so he can apply for job with Trump Administration
Russian Spies Were in Touch With Trump Advisor Carter Page (And They Didn't Think Much of Him)
St. Petersburg Terror Attack Suspect Revealed as Russian Citizen
Spain warns UK not to "lose its cool" over Gibraltar in Brexit talks
At least 58 dead in suspected chemical attack in Syria, hospital reportedly hit
NHL not allowing players to play in 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea due to conflict with NHL season
EU Parliament backs tougher car approval rules after VW scandal
Brazilian scientists reeling as federal funds slashed by nearly half : “This is an act of war against the future of Brazil. Scientists will flee the country.”
