Only Sweden, Germany and France are pursuing Paris climate goals, says study
Nigel Farage says he will leave Britain if Brexit is a disaster
Trump's order signals end of US dominance in climate change battle - Trump’s climate blitzkrieg is unlikely to herald the end of civilization, but it risks US geopolitical dominance & could help ‘make China great again’
Northern Ireland ‘can rejoin EU after Brexit if it votes for reunification’
US Rep. Devin Nunes canceled Russia hearing on the Trump campaign’s alleged ties to Russia same day former acting attorney general Sally Yates promised she’d talk about Mike Flynn
Iceland witnesses baby boom nine months on from humiliating England at Euro 2016
Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI
An Iraqi liquor store has quietly reopened after ISIS
Police have begun an investigation after what appeared to be human waste was found in drinks cans delivered to a Coca Cola factory in Northern Ireland. The night shift at the Lisburn factory was disrupted last week when machines became clogged; Coca Cola said it had impounded all affected cans.
Environmentalists have denounced a plan by Donald Trump – who has said climate change is a hoax – to sign an executive order that will take apart his predecessor’s efforts to try and slow the warming of the planet.
Former US Vice President Dick Cheney: 'No question' Russia meddled in the US election, and it could be 'an act of war'
Scottish parliament votes 69 to 59 in favour of holding second independence referendum
Pakistan's media regulator has ordered a controversial televangelist to apologise on air for hate speech. Aamir Liaquat Hussain had accused liberal activists, bloggers and journalists of blasphemy and treachery.
Trump-Russia investigation: House Intelligence Committee 'cancels all meetings this week'
UAE Sees $192 Billion Savings in Switch to Green Power From Gas
US Ready To Attack North Korea, End Kim Jong Un's Leadership, In Case Of Preemptive Strike
Reports: Russian Interior Ministry Official Shot Dead
Contrary to Spin, Trump Slashing Energy Jobs With New Executive Order: "These facts make it clear that Donald Trump is attacking clean energy jobs purely in order to boost the profits of fossil fuel billionaires"
Scottish Parliament to Back Independence Vote in Brexit Defiance
Europe's top court on Tuesday upheld European Union sanctions on Russia over the Ukraine conflict, including on its largest oil group Rosneft, in a ruling that asserts the court's jurisdiction over the bloc's foreign policy.
Jared Kushner had undisclosed meeting with Sergey Gorkov, the head of Russia’s state-owned Vnesheconombank, which has been under sanctions since the annexation of Crimea in 2014
Turks in Germany warned over surveillance from Ankara: report - German states are warning some expatriate residents that Turkey is spying or secretly filming them, a media report says. A leading German politician has accused Ankara of staging "a coup on democracy."
Russian authorities 'imprisoning Crimean Tatars in psychiatric hospitals'
Arab leaders are reportedly calling for the Arab League to recognize fighting against Israel as legitimate and not a form of terror at the group’s annual summit in Jordan this week
Coca-Cola calls in police after human waste is found in cans
After nearly 40 years of Robert Mugabe’s rule, Zimbabwe is so broke that it’s selling its elephants.
A Russian bank under Western economic sanctions over Russia's incursion into Ukraine has disclosed that its executives met Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and a top White House adviser, in December.
Scottish Parliament backs referendum call - BBC News
Slaves of St. Petersburg, report of North Korean slave labour used in Russian building projects for the 2018 soccer world cup
The personal data of all of Hong Kong's 3.7 million registered voters have been stolen
Thieves steal from Berlin museum 221-pound Canadian gold coin worth as much as $4.5 million USD.
"Carlos the Jackal" sentenced to life for 1974 Paris attack
Amnesty International claims “alarming pattern” in U.S.-led strikes in western Mosul, stating that the US is not taking adequate precautions to prevent civilian deaths
3,800-year-old Egyptian Tomb Discovered, Intact and Untouched
Uber to end services in Denmark after three years
12 people working for prominent opposition leader Alexei Navalny's anti-corruption fund have been jailed following their arrests in the group's office during nationwide protests at the weekend.
After decades of fearing that the New Guinea highland wild dog had gone extinct in its native habitat, researchers have finally confirmed the existence of a healthy, viable population, hidden in one of the most remote and inhospitable regions on Earth.
Nigerians boycott Coca-Cola drinks after court rules them 'poisonous'
Canada to legalize recreational marijuana in 2018, official says
112 civilian bodies pulled from site of U.S. led coalition airstrike in Mosul
Isis will be defeated in Iraq 'within weeks', says country's Prime Minister
SpaceX Aims for Historic Rocket Launch With Reused Booster
'Human waste' in cans forces shutdown at Coca-Cola plant in Northern Ireland
Complaints as UK's Daily Mail focuses on legs, not policy, with a front page photograph focusing on the legs of Prime Minister Theresa May and Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny gets 15-day jail sentence for resisting police orders during protest
Trump’s proposed foreign aid cuts come amid worst humanitarian crisis in 70 years | Toronto Star
Nigel Farage: I will emigrate if Brexit is a disaster
Tensions flare as Greece tells Turkey it is ready to answer any provocation
MPs 'walk out' in protest at 'too gloomy' Brexit report - A number of Brexit-backing MPs walked out of a private meeting of the Commons Brexit Select Committee in protest at a report they claimed was "too gloomy".
Congo finds Caucasian bodies where U.N. experts disappeared
Measles outbreak across Europe
World's largest dinosaur footprints discovered in Western Australia
Restrooms in China using face recognition tech to ration toilet paper use; some visitors feel short-sheeted
Adolf Hilter almost died of a cocaine overdose despite publicly claiming he was 'teetotal', claims new book
Russian government warns citizens not to be homophobic while on holiday in Europe
Norway’s government has pledged 100 million kroner ($11.8 million) for cleaning up the world’s seas as part of a new maritime policy. PM Erna Solberg on Friday launched the country’s new research vessel, the Dr. Fridtjof Nansen, which will participate in government aid programmes.
Roger Stone on allegations of Russian ties: 'They have no proof' | Stone faces scrutiny for communicating with Guccifer 2.0, the hacker U.S. intelligence community believes is associated with the Russian government. Stone has admitted the contact, but called it "completely innocuous."
Conservationists hailed the discovery of a new breeding population of tigers as a "miraculous" victory for a sub-species feared wiped out by poaching. Images of four mothers and six cubs, in an eastern Thai jungle shows only the second known breeding population of the endangered Indochinese tiger
The personal data of all of Hong Kong's 3.7 million registered voters have been stolen
Scottish lawmakers to hold independence vote on eve of Brexit
EPA Chief Touts Plan to Undo Climate Regulations, Pull Back from Paris Deal: "Paris was just a bad deal, in my estimation," said EPA head Scott Pruitt
Trump signs order undoing Obama climate change policies
Italian police broke up a protest by environmentalists trying prevent the removal of a grove of olive trees dating back centuries standing in the way of a $40 billion pipeline to bring Asian gas to Europe
Ancient tissue found in 195 million-year-old dinosaur rib
Top Turkish Banker Arrested in U.S. in Iran Sanctions Probe, Zarrab case
The Kremlin on Tuesday said that meetings between senior state bank officials and Donald Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner and his company were "normal business"
Russian Truckers Obstruct Traffic in Nationwide Strike
Turkey 'spied on pro-Gulen opponents' in Germany
Serbian satirical presidential candidate from the party "You didn't taste the cabbage rolls" is now second in nation wide polls.
Worst humanitarian crisis hits as Trump slashes foreign aid
A Venezuelan elephant is starving to death because the zoo where she lives cannot afford to feed her and will not accept donations
Number of Kenyans going hungry doubles to 3 mn: The number of Kenyans needing emergency food aid has doubled in the past three months to three million, the Red Cross said Tuesday, as the impact of a devastating drought worsens.
U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley Doubled Down on Threats to Punish Criticism of Israel
Pakistani convicted of tracing Israeli targets for Iran in Germany
President Trump took to Twitter Monday night to call the Russia scandal surrounding his administration a "hoax" and go after Democrats and Republicans alike
Paris: Violent protests after French police kill Chinese man - BBC News
Adopt-a-Lion: New Zealand rugby fans offer to host British and Irish free of charge
Election chaos at Russian Academy of Sciences: Beleaguered institution cancels presidential election two days before vote, and appoints acting chief.
Pope backs global nuclear arms ban as U.N. conference sputters
Communities Retreat as Oceans Swell, Coasts Erode | The researchers tallied an estimated 1.3 million people who have been relocated worldwide from coasts through managed retreat programs. That’s roughly equivalent to the population of San Diego.
'Carlos the Jackal' sentenced to life for 1974 attack
Italy could soon offer women paid 'menstrual leave'.
Provincial councillors in Iraq's disputed, oil-rich Kirkuk province voted Tuesday to fly the Kurdish regional flag over government buildings, a move likely to increase tensions with Baghdad
UK breaks new solar energy record on sunny March weekend - Amount of electricity demanded by homes & businesses one afternoon was lower than it was during night for 1st time ever
UK raises prospect of direct rule for Northern Ireland if talks fail
Hamas Obtains Heavy Rockets to Wreak Havoc on Israeli Gaza Border Towns
Turkey 'spied' on pro-Gulen opponents in Germany. Thomas De Maiziere has said Turkey will not be allowed to spy on Turks living in Germany. Reports say the head of Turkey's intelligence service handed a list of people suspected of opposition sympathies to his German counterpart.
Nigerians boycott Coca-Cola drinks after court rules them 'poisonous'
Royal Marine Alexander Blackman gets seven years for Taliban killing
Second independence referendum backed by Scottish parliament
Mass 'sorcery' murder trial of more than 100 men begins in Papua New Guinea
18C protects Muslim pedophiles and extremists, One Nation senator Malcolm Roberts claims
Canada to announce marijuana will be legal by July 1, 2018
France must curb its reliance on Russian and Ukrainian firms for its military support fleet to move troops and hardware to war zones, a parliamentary report on Tuesday showed
Royal Marine Alexander Blackman gets seven years for Taliban killing, will be freed in weeks as he has already served more than three years in jail
In a first, Pakistan allows man to officially change religion from Islam to Judaism.
Iran says Russia can use its military bases 'on case by case basis'
Battle for Mosul: Iraqi troops battle against 'strong resistance' from IS
Cyclone Debbie: Deadly storm batters Australia - BBC News
New Zealand anger as pristine lakes tapped for bottled water market: An export company is proposing to collect 800m litres a month of the “untapped” glacial waters of Lake Greaney and Lake Minim Mere, mountainous dams that are fed by rainfall on the Southern Alps
