England v Scotland: Six Nations – live!
Arsenal v Lincoln City: FA Cup quarter-final – live!
Under pressure from tech companies, ‘Fair Repair’ bill stalls in Nebraska
Bournemouth 3-2 West Ham, Hull 2-1 Swansea and more: clockwatch – as it happened
Aitor Karanka praises Middlesbrough’s ‘fighters’ after loss to Manchester City
Romelu Lukaku sets Everton record in three-goal romp over West Brom
Bournemouth’s Joshua King hits hat-trick in thriller with West Ham
Hull survival prospects boosted as Oumar Niasse double sees off Swansea
Rangers head into daunting Old Firm match with shaky hands on the tiller
Italy 18-40 France: Six Nations – as it happened
Song to Song review – Terrence Malick returns to form with lyrical love triangle
At Pussy Riot performance on Putin, everyone sees Trump
Robots delivering pizza and house viewing by VR: is 5G really the future?
Being a global free-trading nation isn’t as easy as it looks
Brexit and Bochum haunt Vauxhall in the new battle for Ellesmere Port
After Brexit, Israel senses a chance to boost trade with UK
Shell’s sale of dirty tar sands assets cleans up debt and spruces image
Jeremy Corbyn 'absolutely fine' with second Scottish vote
Western Australian election: Labor wins in 'savage result' for Liberals – as it happened
Western Australian election: Mark McGowan declares victory for Labor after record-breaking swings
Donald Trump's first 100 days as president – daily updates
Manchester City and David Silva catch Middlesbrough cold to reach semi
Philip Hammond gave us a budget for tax avoiders and giant firms | John McDonnell
Middlesbrough 0-2 Manchester City: FA Cup quarter-final – as it happened
From Brecht to Lorca, the playwrights who became theatre's freedom fighters
Nathan Lane: ‘I have played a lot of morally questionable people
Prison psychiatrists warn care is ‘at breaking point’
Democrats question Trump 'conflict of interest' with Deutsche Bank investigation
Call to boycott Tesco over 'endangered' white men claim
South Korea expert interrupted by children on BBC World News goes viral
Gaggle of Cambridge University students criticise geese-cull plans
Better than Buffy? Spare a thought for the Vampire Diaries
Conservatives cheer EPA cuts that activists fear 'will be borne by lungs'
Logan Tomkins escapes shadow of elder brothers in new life at Salford
SXSW panel opens window into dangers of facial recognition software
Graham Swift: ‘As a novelist, I’m in for the long haul’
Stockpiles of nuclear weapons around the world – in data
Ask Alys Fowler: can I train my cider gum from a pot plant into a tree?
Jacob Polley: ‘I’m a fool as a writer – you have to take risks’
Death of truth: when propaganda and 'alternative facts' first gripped the world
This week’s best radio: Jarvis Cocker heads to Morocco's mountains
Alys Fowler: thinking of a green wall? Give climbing plants a go instead
Ivanka Trump: the president's moral compass or just another mouthpiece?
Geri's 90s: Ginger Spice's nostalgia show will drive you to distraction
England need to make their familiar strengths pay against Scotland | Robert Kitson
One in 10 firms bidding for Trump's Mexico wall project are Hispanic-owned
Four decades after the Battle of the Sexes, the fight for equality goes on
‘All my friends had some nightmare experience trying to get pregnant. My story took the cake’
Romeo and Juliet review – hot, hormonal inner-city tragedy
The Vicarage, Holmes Chapel, Cheshire: hotel review
Drug addiction isn't going away so why are treatment centres being slashed?
Every Hidden Thing by Kenneth Oppel review – heat, dust and dinosaur bones
Technology could redefine doctor-patient relationship | Richard Vize
Four infinitely adaptable recipes for leftover food | Food waste recipes
Enlightened Princesses review – royals who shaped modern Britain
Want a different take on Trump? Try Ivanka, who gives great hair and better Instagram
What I’m really thinking: the gay Christian
Letter to my younger self: you'll be called a little girl with an idea
Secret Teacher: buying supplies my school can't afford costs me a fortune
Greek activists target sales of homes seized over bad debts
Replacing EU hospitality workers after Brexit 'will take 10 years'
Modern tribes: the boot camp bore
Writers unite! The return of the protest novel
Can high-intensity interval training delay the ageing process?
From Seaspeak to Singlish: celebrating other kinds of English
Weekend reading: Budget, Buffy and BBC4
Clive James: ‘I couldn't believe how non-weird Sam Neill was’
Is this the end of Britain as a place of sanctuary for refugees? | Martin Plaut
Germany's rightwing AfD wants to jettison postwar safeguards
The 1930s were humanity's darkest, bloodiest hour. Are you paying attention?
Beauty: a big hello to a gamechanger of a dry mask
White men 'endangered species' in UK boardrooms, says Tesco chairman
Got it covered: fashion wakes up to Muslim women’s style
Self-employed? See if you'll pay more in national insurance
What’s the best way to teach my daughter to drive?
Sixty years ago, abuse hid in plain sight. But we still closed our eyes | Ian Jack
Isas back in favour after tax allowance hike
Budget 2017: tax on dividends will be a raid on 2 million small investors
OmNICshambles: how it all went wrong for 'spreadsheet Phil' Hammond | Heather Stewart and Larry Elliott
My workout: ‘Going to circus school is like being a child again’
Now we should go after companies that force workers to be self-employed
Walking with dinosaurs: fossil hunting on the North Yorkshire coast
Why are Britain’s new homes built so badly?
Simon Amstell: 'I thought: ‘I’ll never be happy''
Which painter had a pet pug called Trump? The Weekend quiz
‘Think of it as an utterly invaluable learning experience’ – our work expert responds
The Falklands war hero fighting for his state pension
Has TalkTalk’s security been breached yet again?
In my version of the mother-in-law joke, the punchline is our happiness together
Why photos of stillborn babies matter
People's History of Pop review – 'We’re on the cusp of something terrifying!'
Lynne Reid Banks: raising a family on a kibbutz was everything my mother detested
How to make a feast without packaged food | A taste of home
Why I love… musician Sampha
Tim Dowling: Touring is taking its toll. Then my wife tells me we're moving house
Saturday's best TV: Geri's 1990s; Dogs Behaving Badly
Blind date: ‘We talked about having children’
Panic on the machair as a predator approaches
China: Xi Jinping wants ‘Great Wall of Steel’ in violence-hit Xinjiang
Daniel Morgan: how a 30-year-old murder still haunts Britain's powerful
Justin Bieber review – searching for a sense of purpose
Reza Aslan outrages Hindus by eating human brains in CNN documentary
Dreamer detained by Ice agents in Mississippi to be released
Talking Horses: Saturday's best bets for Sandown and Wolverhampton
Ireland’s Joe Schmidt concedes Six Nations title after defeat in Wales
Prize crossword No 27,142
McLaren left under pressure before F1 season with car failure in Spain
