North Korea missile launch 'fails'
A German bank that loaned $300m to Donald Trump played a prominent role in a money laundering scandal run by Russian criminals with ties to the Kremlin. Deutsche Bank and other western financial institutions processed at least $20bn in money of “criminal origin” from Russia
Subway advertises for ‘Apprentice Sandwich Artists’ to be paid just £3.50 per hour: Union slams fast food chain for 'exploiting' young workers
Scientists Sound the Alarm: CO2 Levels Race Past Point of No Return
Trump's repeal of climate rules means U.S. cannot meet Paris goals
Top NSA official says telephone surveillance should have been disclosed: 'U.S. government should have publicized the existence of a program that vacuumed up in bulk Americans' telephone call data before its existence was leaked by Edward Snowden, the NSA's deputy director said.'
Coal in 'freefall' as new power plants dive by two-thirds.
Lawyer for Sergei Magnitsky's family Nikolai Gorokhov has been "thrown from the 4th floor of his apartment building" in Moscow.
Twitter Suspends Over 500,000 Accounts Tied to Extremism
Apple sold $4.2 billion of product in New Zealand, paid $0 local taxes. “Their tax department is even more innovative than their product designers.”
Goldman Sachs confirms London jobs will move to EU in first stage of Brexit reshuffle
Trump's ex aide Paul Manafort 'hid' $750,000 payment - BBC News
Erdogan says 'Yes' vote to expanding his powers is best response to 'fascist Europe'
Francois Fillon 'was paid $50,000 to arrange meeting with Vladimir Putin'
Last of Beijing coal power stations closes as Chinese leaders promise blue skies for all
Brazil is handing over the Amazon rainforest to mining companies and big agriculture
Pearson Posts a $3.3 Billion Loss as It Faces Down a Collapse in Its Biggest Market
No African citizens granted visas for African trade summit in California
Germany Schools President Donald Trump On What ‘Security’ Really Means: “Driving defense spending to insane heights” is not the answer, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said.
Hackers threaten to wipe 200 million iCloud accounts unless Apple pays ransom
US military says a North Korean missile 'appears to have exploded within seconds of launch': Reuters
In a stunning lawsuit seeking to hold Saudi Arabia accountable for 9/11, the families of 800 victims have filed a lawsuit accusing the Saudis of complicity in the worst terror attacks on American soil.
FBI and NSA Chiefs Forced to Fact-Check Boss as Trump Live-Tweets Hearing: 'Either the White House is spreading falsehoods about this hearing on its Twitter account or the FBI director just perjured himself on TV,' remarks one journalist
Trump just signed a law that maps out NASA's long-term future: 'The new law calls to give NASA a $19.5 billion budget and asks NASA to reach Mars by 2033.'
Hong Kong has joined China is suspending meat imports from Brazil. They are the top two consumers of Brazilian meat and have suspended imports over allegations that companies have been selling unsafe produce for years. The European Union has also said it will stop buying.
Saudi Arabia ‘expects Donald Trump to scrap 9/11 victims law’ as first cases brought against kingdom
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson plans to skip an April 5-6 meeting of NATO foreign ministers for a U.S. visit by the Chinese president and will travel to Russia later in the month, U.S. officials said on Monday, a step allies may see as putting Moscow's concerns ahead of theirs
Manafort sought for questioning – in D.C. and Kiev
Stop bias against Brexit or face fine, BBC warned
Tony Blair admits he did not realise how many migrants would come to the UK after EU expanded
Women who have taken the contraceptive pill are protected from some types of cancer for as long as 30 years, according to new research. Those who have used the pill are less likely to have bowel cancer, endometrial cancer or ovarian cancer than women who had never taken it
Sweden preparing nuclear fallout bunkers across the country amid fear of Russian war
Newly Obtained Documents Prove: Key Claim of Snowden’s Accusers Is a Fraud
Rapid and unusual warming of the waters off northern Peru has unleashed the deadliest rainfall the South American country has seen in decades. About half the country has been placed under a state of emergency. "We are confronting a serious climatic problem," said President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski.
Van Gogh Paintings Stolen During Mafia Heist 14 Years Ago Returned
UAE named in $20bn Russian money laundering scheme
'Laundromat' funnels illicit funds out of Russia: Banks in Moldova and Latvia help Russians take billions of dollars out of their country bypassing strict money laundering rules. The massive operation has been dubbed 'The Laundromat' by anti-corruption activists
Coal in 'freefall' as new power plants dive by two-thirds: Report says move to cleaner energy in China and India is discouraging the building of coal-fired units
A Sydney man was made to wait four minutes and was then awarded $3201 by a judge.
Uber is being sued for avoiding hundreds of millions worth of "value added tax" in the UK. If the court case is won, most countries where Uber operates would seek such owed taxes and Uber could lose its cost advantage over other taxis
Two men who police believe planned an attack in the city of Göttingen have failed in their bid to avoid deportation. The Algerian and Nigerian will be repatriated to Africa despite both being born in Germany.
Germany blocks arms sales to Turkey - report: The German government has refused approval for military exports to NATO partner country Turkey on a growing number of occasions.
A prominent land rights activist has been shot dead by five gunmen at a hospital in Brazil where he was recovering from a previous assassination attempt. Waldomiro Costa Pereira was killed after the men burst into the building in the state of Para
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has written to the leaders of the U.S. Senate urging the ratification of Montenegro as the newest member of the NATO alliance, saying it is "strongly in the interests of the United States"
U.S. Raid on Al Qaeda in Yemen Led to Laptop Ban on Flights, Officials Say
Court in India declares the rivers, Ganga and Yamuna as living people, with all legal rights of a living person, to save them from massive pollution and save their "very existence".
Intelligence obtained in recent weeks found that an al Qaeda affiliate was perfecting techniques for hiding explosives in batteries and battery compartments of electronic devices, according to a US official.
US-led airstrike on Syrian school used for displaced families kills 33 civilians
Chinese President Xi urges two-state Palestinian solution in talks with Israeli PM
North Korea's Kim Jong Un talks a lot about striking his enemies—but here's what his missile capabilities look like
France's Fillon Earned $54,000 Fixing Putin Meeting, Canard Says
Land rights activist shot dead in Brazilian Amazon hospital
Israel plans mass evacuation if war erupts again. Israel plans to evacuate up to a quarter-million civilians from border communities to protect them from attacks from Hamas, Hezbollah or other Islamic militant groups.
Goldman Sachs to move hundreds of jobs out of London before Brexit deal struck
Britain poised to follow US and ban laptops and iPads on flights from certain Middle Eastern airports
US forbids any device larger than cellphone on flights from 13 countries
Whistleblower accuses a secretive Scotland Yard unit of using hackers to illegally access the private emails of hundreds of political campaigners and journalists
New Zealand school abolishes gendered uniforms, offering same clothes to all
Poor Russian Families Berate a Store Owner for Handing Out Free Bread
Russia agrees with Trump. The hacking investigation is a ‘witch hunt.' Putin's spokesman, Dmitry Peskov added 'It's an internal American issue.'
Ukraine lawmaker accuses former Trump campaign manager of trying to hide $750,000 payment
Fossil named after Sir David Attenborough
Czech zoo saws horns off rhinos to ward off poachers
All 49 people on burning South Sudan passenger plane survive after crash
Team Indus, a small Indian startup to send a rover to the moon this December
Russian Shoe Sales Plummet Amid Economic Crisis: Researchers suggest Russians are holding off on purchasing new shoes until their old ones are completely worn out. There are two factors contributing to the shift in consumer behavior: rising prices and a radical drop in real income.
BBC News: Two German-born terror suspects to be deported
Record-breaking climate change pushes world into 'uncharted territory' - Earth is a planet in upheaval, say scientists, as the World Meteorological Organisation publishes analysis of recent heat highs and ice lows.
Police in Greece have discovered and neutralized 8 parcel bombs, addressed to European Union finance officials and businesses in various European countries
Tourist dives to Titanic wreck to begin 2018
Queensland abolishes 'gay panic' as criminal defence for murder
ING has sold its stake in Dakota Access pipeline loan
Al Qaeda affiliate trying to hide explosives in laptop batteries
Pakistan's lower house has passed a bill to reinstate secret military courts, despite criticism from human rights activists. Military courts were first set up as a response to the bloody 2015 attack on a military-run school by the Pakistani Taliban that killed 134 children.
Israeli police karaoke contest turns into mass brawl when cop starts singing in Arabic
Iran accuses Russia of giving Israel codes for Syrian air defense
India tries to fix Iran trade payments as Trump hardens line
Rights groups say UAE arrests prominent activist. Mansoor received Award for bringing attention to arbitrary arrests, concerns of torture and issues around the independence of the judiciary in the UAE, also called for a free press and democratic freedoms in the country ruled by sheikhs.
Czech zoo cuts off rhino horns as precaution over poaching fears
'Disputed by multiple fact-checkers': Facebook rolls out new alert to combat fake news
Ex-Mossad chief says occupation is Israel's only existential threat
Religious countries ‘likely’ to perform worse in science and maths
Israel arrests head of Turkish humanitarian group in Gaza for financing Hamas
Kremlin financing Polish radicals: tasks, payments, and reporting to Moscow
Canada refugee claims spike in first two months of 2017
Three Indian scientific journals have featured, for the first time since their inception, special issues authored exclusively by women scientists to trigger a debate on lower representation of women in science.
'Extreme and unusual' climate trends continue after record 2016 - BBC News
IS conflict: US Air strike 'kills dozens in village near Raqqa' wiping out a school filled with families.
Japanese navy boosts overseas force projection capability with second big helicopter carrier
Drunk pilot on Canada to Mexico flight faces prison sentence after pleading guilty
Two German-born terror suspects to be deported
Rex Tillerson 'didn't want to be' Secretary of State - 'my wife convinced me'
Why American Farmers Are Hacking Their Tractors With Ukrainian Firmware
IS conflict: Air strike 'kills dozens in village near Raqqa' - BBC News
Man behind pro-Trump propaganda websites sets sights on Scottish independence
Sweden preparing hundreds of nuclear bunkers amid fears of Russian attack
Chancellor Angela Merkel warned on Monday that Germany could ban future campaign events by Turkish politicians on its soil unless Ankara stops "Nazi" jibes aimed at Berlin.
North Korea has no fear of U.S. sanctions move, will pursue nuclear arms - envoy
Syrian rebels report fresh Israeli airstrikes near Damascus
Van Gogh paintings go on display 14 years after being stolen by the Mafia
