PARAGUAY: Protesters set fire to Congress after secret vote
Germany's armed forces launch a cyber command, with a status equal to that of the army, navy and air force, meant to shield its IT and weapons systems from attack. Military planners fear that wars of the future will start with cyber attacks against critical infrastructure and networks
U.S. sweeping up Russian hackers in a broad global dragnet
Michael Flynn's request for immunity in Trump-Russia probe 'rejected by Senate Intelligence Committee'
Russian President Vladimir Putin says humans not responsible for climate change
Iran rejects U.S. terror claim by Mattis, blames Saudi
Fish are sentient animals who form friendships and experience 'positive emotions', landmark study suggests
China opposes India hosting Dalai Lama in disputed border region
China is planning to create a preserve for the giant panda that will be three times the size of Yellowstone National Park in the western U.S.
Russia blocks access to Internet pages promoting new Moscow protest
UK and US accuse Russia of 'interfering in other parts of the globe'
Trump administration stops disclosing troop deployments in Iraq and Syria
EU tells UK: 'We will not punish you. Brexit is punishment enough'
Ahead of New Protests, Russia Starts Blocking Web Pages: Federal attorneys have already instructed Roskomnadzor, Russia’s unbeautifully named state censor, to start blocking pages on Vkontakte, LiveJournal, and YouTube that promote unsanctioned rallies scheduled for Sunday, April 2.
Two journalists who believe they are on the so-called "kill list" of individuals targeted by the U.S. for deadly drone strikes are suing Trump and other top administration officials.
UN suspends missions to Gaza after Hamas shuts border
EU draft proposals point to Ireland as priority in Brexit talks
UK, France, Germany condemn Israeli approval of new settlement
Pressure builds for Michael Flynn to testify without immunity: Flynn was fired from the White House in February for lying to VP Mike Pence about his contacts with the Russian ambassador.
The number of Americans refused entry into Canada has skyrocketed
McDonald’s Canada cyberattack exposed 95,000 job-seekers’ personal information
Germany's top court rules parents must betray children in piracy cases: The ruling came against a family who said the law protects relatives from testifying against each other.
Frenchman stabbed in Shanghai in attack possibly linked to Paris protests
Tillerson: US to maintain Ukraine-related sanctions on Russia until Crimea is returned
'Climate change is real': companies challenge Trump's reversal of policy: Mars Inc, Staples, The Gap and others speak out against Trump’s sweeping executive order that begins to dismantle Obama’s Clean Power Plan
South Sudan’s people are starving, and fighters are blocking aid
China’s Xinjiang passes law to curb ‘religious extremism’
Catalan sovereignty: Poll in Catalonia shows increase in opposition to independence | The number of Catalans who oppose separating from Spain has grown over the last three months to 48.5%, compared with 44.3% who support secession.
Suicide bomber kills 24 near Shia mosque in Pakistan
Popular Japanese fashion chain Uniqlo has a message for President Trump: We'll leave the U.S. if you insist we make all of our clothes in America.
Anti-Islam rallies & counter-protest in London
Defense Sec. James Mattis: North Korea "has got to be stopped"
Palestinians demand sanctions against Israel over new settlement
Qatar Airways to offer free laptops on US flights as solution to electronics ban
South Africa's High Court decriminalizes Marijuana (Dagga) use and possession.
Venezuela: Supreme Court backtracks on Congress ruling
Julian Assange waits for Ecuador's election to decide his future
Israel Moves to Approve First New West Bank Settlement In 20 Years
Philippines seeks to rename marine zone after China shows interest
UN slams Israel over Emek Shilo settlement
At least 11 buried in landslide in Indonesia's Java
Gothenburg celebrates becoming a city of one million
Trump sends letter to Vietnam's president to promote ties
Teenager suffers serious head injuries in Croydon 'hate crime' attack
SpaceX makes aerospace history with successful landing of a used rocket
Mike Flynn indicates he would testify in Trump-Russia inquiry in exchange for immunity
Venezuela's Supreme Court Cancels Stripping of Legislative Powers From Congress
Wikileaks releases Part 3 of CIA Vault7 - project "Marble"
Europe to push new laws to access encrypted apps data
Iraqi state-run TV says Islamic State's second-in-command has been killed
Chinese activists who voiced support for Hong Kong’s pro-democracy protests sentenced to prison
"Maduro has staged a coup d'état": Venezuela's high court dissolves National Assembly
UK police arrest 12 at London protest, block clashes
A group of strawberry pickers from Bangladesh have won a case against Greece at Europe’s highest human rights court, after being shot at by employers for demanding unpaid wages. A Greek court had acquitted the employers because the workers were physically free to leave the farm.
Venezuela says murders soared to 60 per day in 2016
Cassini's Last Dance: NASA Spacecraft Embarks on a Final Suicidal Mission
Philippines' Duterte invites EU critics, wants to 'slap them'
Chechnya passes bill allowing schoolgirls to wear hijab in class
An ISIS car bomb factory has been discovered in the Iraqi city of Mosul
Cyclone Debbie: Communities struggling to reach emergency services say 'nobody came to see us'
Turkey Bans All Services of Periscope
Russia not interfering in French elections, says candidate Fillon
Americans are increasingly blocked at Canada border - report - BBC News
Mexico singer Pepe Aguilar's son held for people smuggling
EU delay on Brexit trade deal hits Sturgeon's referendum timetable
Venezuelan court backtracks on powers bid
Cargo Vessels Evade Detection, Raising Fears of Huge Trafficking Operations
Japan racism survey reveals one in three foreigners experience discrimination
Low-ability youngsters from wealthy families go on to earn more money than their more gifted, poorer counterparts, says the UK Education Secretary Justine Greening.
Russia's Putin says climate change in Arctic good for economy
Turkey blocks Booking.com in competition law case
Paraguay rioters set fire to Congress after Senate re-election vote
Google reveals latest UK tax bill
24 dead after river overflows, destroying homes in Colombia
Good news for elephants: China's legal ivory trade is 'dying' as prices fall
Russian submarines increase combat patrols to Cold War levels
Palestinian-American Beaten By Jewish Defense League At AIPAC Fracas
Eurovision threatens to ban Ukraine over Russian singer row
Depression has become the leading cause of ill health and disability across the world, now affecting more than 300 million people globally, the World Health Organization said Thursday. However, half of people suffering from depression don’t get treatments they need to live healthy, productive lives.
Venezuela moves to defuse Supreme Court powers dispute - BBC News
Japan kills more than 300 whales in annual Antarctic hunt
Production shut down as ‘human waste’ found in Coke cans in Ireland
Boko Haram Islamists have abducted 22 girls and women in two separate raids in north-east Nigeria, residents and vigilantes said. In the first attack on Thursday, the jihadists raided the village of Pulka near the border with Cameroon where they kidnapped 18 girls.
Canada extends ISIS mission in Iraq to June 30.
Greenland’s coastal glaciers are ‘doomed’ after hitting tipping point 20 years ago - Much of the ice on the fringes of the frozen island 'will likely disappear in the near future', scientist says
Meningitis outbreak in Nigeria kills nearly 300
BBC News: Germany rejects US pressure for Nato spending rise
Lady official: Unmarried Duterte can joke about extramarital affairs
Canadian Troops Operate in East Mosul as Mission Extended
Alexei Navalny Wants Putin’s Job. Here’s What He’d Do With It; The Russian presidential hopeful who led Sunday’s coast-to-coast protests talks about corruption, the Kremlin, Ukraine, and Trump.
British 'Implacable' in Support for Gibraltar: Foreign Minister
Ukrainian language pushed out of Crimean schools
Indonesia: At least 11 buried in landslide in Java
Smart India Hackathon 2017 conducted by Indian Govt. is said to be world's biggest digital product development event with over 10000 students participating in it.
Polish teachers go on strike over controversial education reform: Many teachers are worried about losing their jobs, and parents expect chaos in the school system. Polish teachers have gone on strike for the first time since 2008. The fight over education reform could be a long one
The world's first glow-in-the-dark frog found in Argentina
Discovery: We now know what Tyrannosaurus Rex faces really looked like
Peru says other countries should withdraw envoys from Venezuela
How Karen Millen lost the battle for her name – and her fortune
Iran rejects U.S. terror claim by Mattis, blames Saudi
